Docs: Improve Provisioning Perf Tests (#2780)
ECP-WarpX/WarpX: Docs/source/maintenance/performance_tests.rst

   # Make sure all dependencies are installed and loaded
   cd $HOME
   module load python/3.8.10
   module load freetype/2.10.4     # matplotlib
   module load openblas/0.3.5-omp
   export BLAS=$OLCF_OPENBLAS_ROOT/lib/libopenblas.so
   export LAPACK=$OLCF_OPENBLAS_ROOT/lib/libopenblas.so
   python3 -m pip install --user --upgrade pip
   python3 -m pip install --user virtualenv
   python3 -m venv $HOME/sw/venvs/warpx-perftest
   source $HOME/sw/venvs/warpx-perftest/bin/activate

>    # Do the above and following steps once, before

Author: ```suggestion
   # While setting up the performance tests for the first time,
   # execute the lines above this comment and then the commented
   # lines below this comment once, before submission.
```

>    # Do the above and following steps once, before
>    # submission. They take to long to do every time.

Reviewer: Small typo. And a question: about the steps "above" that one should do only once before submission, which ones are they? I mean, the "following" ones are the ones below commented out, but I think I might not understand the "above" ones. Should we just place the comment before all the steps that need to be done only once (instead of in the middle)? Sorry if I misunderstood something. 
```suggestion
   # Do the above and following steps once, before
   # The commented lines take too long for the job script.
```

Author: Good point, will clarify :)

   # Make sure all dependencies are installed and loaded
   cd $HOME
   module load python/3.8.10
   module load freetype/2.10.4     # matplotlib
   module load openblas/0.3.5-omp
   export BLAS=$OLCF_OPENBLAS_ROOT/lib/libopenblas.so
   export LAPACK=$OLCF_OPENBLAS_ROOT/lib/libopenblas.so
   python3 -m pip install --user --upgrade pip
   python3 -m pip install --user virtualenv
   python3 -m venv $HOME/sw/venvs/warpx-perftest
   source $HOME/sw/venvs/warpx-perftest/bin/activate
   # While setting up the performance tests for the first time,
   # execute the lines above this comment and then the commented
   # lines below this comment once, before submission.

>    # submission. They take to long to do every time.

Author: ```suggestion
   # The commented lines take too long for the job script.
```
